This is my new mop!
George, my friend, he gave me this mop!
It's a pretty good mop!
It's not as good as my first mop.
I miss my first mop.
But this is still a good mop!
Sometimes ya hafta take what life gives ya
'cause life is like a mop!
And sometimes life gets full of dirt and crud and bugs and hairballs and stuff
You.. You gotta clean it out!
You, you gotta put it in here and rinse it off and start all over again and
and sometimes life sticks to the floor so bad you know a mop, a mop it's not good enough
It's not good enough!
You gotta get down there, like, with a toothbrush, ya know
And you gotta, you gotta really scrub 'cause you gotta get it off.
You gotta really try to get it off.
But if that doesn't work, that doesn't work, you can't give up.
You gotta, you gotta stand right up.
You gotta run to a window and say,
"Hey! These floors are dirty as hell, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!"
Cheering wildly in the glory of Stanley's beautiful speech